So we've got all these brackets where the seats used to be bolted down
The guy who had this bus before us just snapped the seats off even with the ground but left the
brackets here and they are a pain to get off
So we're just going to grind them
So grinding the bolts has not been a quick process
We're not going very quickly
I'm putting together a bed frame
There's going to be storage underneath and a queen sized bed up top
So today we're removing some windows we don't need anymore
So basically there were these little brackets that were screwed on holding the windows in
I had to remove them, then we just take the knife and go along and cut the caulking around the edges
Then we'll pry it out of here
Then there's a window
Those two windows needed to come out because we're going to put the shower basically right here
but the windows on either side of them did not need to come out
and each of the brackets on these posts here spans two windows
so we can't just remove the brackets that were holding the windows in in the hole
because we need them to continue to hold the window on the other side in
so we need to cut the little tabs off that stick out into the empty hole now
Then when we're all done we end up with something like that
Another thing we've been working on we took the flashers out of their holes on the front of the bus
and next we're going to take the flashers out on the back as well
We've also removed the flappy stop arm, that swings out on the side of the bus obviously we can't legally use that anymore
so it doesn't need to be there
we're having some steel cut by Alaska steel
It'll be able to patch over those holes that I've got covered with tape there
as well as the holes from the flashers and some panels to go over the windows
that we're removing on both sides of the bus
The biggest thing we've accomplished so far in the bus is building the bed platform
This isn't how the finished bed will look but in the mean time it will give us a place to sleep
The biggest thing we had to consider when building the bed platform
Was that the bed would block the biggest entrance we have for getting furniture and building materials through
So to solve that problem we made the middle of the bed removable
The end sections are connected with four bolts each, topped with wing nuts
so that will give us a pathway for large objects to get through the bus during construction
the next time we update you the bus should look significantly different
see you next time